This program was developed to solve several types of statistical problems, the z-test in particular (type 4).
The types of problems have subtypes.
This program can also be used to test and improve your skills at solving the tasks.

Here are the types:
Type 1:
Given: the feature's standard deviation, sample size, margin of error.
Find: probability that the mean value of the feature in a sample doesn't differ from the population one by more than the margin of error.
Given: percentage of individuals with a specific feature in the population, sample size, margin of error.
Find: probability that the percentage of individuals having the feature in a sample doesn't differ from the proportion of ones in the population by more than the margin of error. (confidence level)
Type 2:
Given: mean value of a specific feature in the sample, sample size, standard deviation of the feature in the sample, confidence level.
Find: confidence interval. (Use the Student's t-distribution since the population standard deviation is unknown)
Given: sample size, percentage of individuals having the feature in the sample, confidence level.
Find: confidence interval.
Type 3:
Given: standard deviation of a specific feature in the population, margin of error, confidence level.
Find: least sample size to get the difference of means between population and sample within the margin of error with the confidence level.
Given: percentage of individuals with a specific feature in the population, margin of error, confidence level.
Find: least sample size to get the percentage of individuals having the feature in a sample within the margin of error from the proportion in the population with the confidence level.
Type 4:
Given: hypothesis that the percentage of individuals with a specific feature in the population p (=, >= or <=) than the given value, sample size, such percentage in the sample, confidence level.
Find: What is our null hypothesis and whether we can reject it with the confidence level?
Type 5: (Use the Chi-square test)
Given: population and its 2 properties, one can be either categorical or quantitative and the other must be quantitive, the confidence level.
A two-way table is given where the properties are independent variables and the number of individuals with the combination of the properties.
Find: Can we state with the confidence level that the properties are dependent (correlated)?
Given: 2 data types, one can be either categorical or quantitative and the other must be quantititave, the confidence level.
A row with one set of data is given and then a row with the other. If both rows are quantitative, the first one must be actual and the second one has to be the expected (the model).
Find: Can we state with the confidence level that the data is dependent (correlated)?

Assume that all the randomness, independence of sampling etc. conditions are satisfied. The correction factor is not needed.